Hello UTB burn with fire and this is a pixel
world channel for those who have a taste
black as old as a forester from the game
no of course i'm so old bloody
how the hell not even a little more than a cradle
up about like that definitely here
so bloody scared me up
shithead than I was even afraid to approach anyone
because of her the very thought of what it is
in general, you can play caused me
disruption of all valves figuratively
Of course, although I was an unusually cycle
you are a dick whip you will know his flood
same not breath introduced us park
brought me to work sat down
ass on a chair tucked under his arm, his hand on
put another clav before his nose
the monitor and said play and I played
damn not literally long enough
get it though then everything seemed to me
big through actually also rather
just passed 1
all due to the fact that I would be moody
child and from that categorically
refuses to keep that bastard in
hands and being on a row on cement
I tested the tractor driver to everything that
it was only in the end I forgot about it on
a couple of years until one my friend or girlfriend
I do not remember
did not show me the second part of this
great game but about this
stillborn freak i say no
I'll just be this unfortunate creature
reminded me of my big brother and I
being an ardent supporter of the mouse with
happily agreed again understand old
kind of wonder how many new
learned about the game no i'm not talking about errors
such films and works as
fantasy ominous dead crows
and also to many others i'm talking about
so that carioca has something other than
fucking dying from every country and
Products that there is something about
can kill
find the keys and opens the door
in general, everything is just like in real life
with a glass of juice in the hands of paul whether the game
definitely not valegro suitable
all i was when i played it 1
time
Do I advise you to play it definitely
but this is what is now fashionable to call
old school
have you been on fire everyone thank you all
until